Losers look stuff up while the rest of us are carpin' all them diems.
He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's.
When you are an a—hole, it doesn't matter how right you are. Nobody wants to give you the satisfaction.
God's turning people into insect monsters, Beth. I'm the one beating them to death. Thank me.
Camping is just being homeless without the change.
This seems like a good time for a drink and a cold, calculated speech with sinister overtones. A speech about politics, about order, brotherhood, power ... but speeches are for campaigning. Now is the time for action.
Having a family doesn't mean that you stop being an individual. You know the best thing you can do for the people that depend on you? Be honest with them, even if it means setting them free.
If I've learned one thing, it's that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself.
Hi Mr. Jellybean, I'm Morty. I'm on an adventure with my grandpa.
You're not the cause of your parents' misery. You're just a symptom of it.
Don't deify the people who leave you.
Well, then get your s—t together, get it all together, and put it in a backpack, all your s—t, so it's together. And if you gotta take it somewhere, take it somewhere, you know, take it to the s—t store and sell it, or put it in the s—t museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together. Get your s—t together.
At least the devil has a job!
Life is effort and I'll stop when I die!
I just killed my family! I don't care what they were!
It's funny to say they are small. It's funny to say they are big.
You're holding me verbally hostage.
Honey, stop raising your father's cholesterol so you can take a hot funeral selfie.
Rick, when you say you made an exact replica of the house, did you mean, like, an exact replica?
Give a gun to the lady who got pregnant with me too early and constantly makes it our problem.
Say goodbye to your precious dry land! For soon it will be wet!
Nobody's smarter than Rick, but nobody else is my dad. You're a genius at that.
B—h, my generation gets traumatized for breakfast.
Inception made sense!
I realize now I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you: You can't change. And I have no problem with that, but it clearly means I have a problem with myself.
Mr. President, if I've learned one thing today, it's that sometimes you have to not give a f—k!
I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks.
How many of these are just horrible mistakes I made? I mean, maybe I'd stop making so many if I let myself learn from them.
I'm a scientist because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living. And when I don't like something about the world, I change it.
Wubba lubba dub dub!
I turned myself into a pickle, Morty! I'm Pickle Rick!
I know about the Yosemite T-shirt, Morty.
The universe is basically an animal. It grazes on the ordinary. It creates infinite idiots just to eat them.
If I die in a cage, I lose a bet.
Sometimes science is more art than science.
To live is to risk it all—otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.
Welcome to the club, pal.
So I have an emo streak. It's part of what makes me so rad.
Listen, I'm not the nicest guy in the universe, because I'm the smartest, and being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.
Wait a minute! Is that Mountain Dew in my quantum-transport-solution?
Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call ‘love' is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed.
Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
Don't get drawn into the culture, Morty. Stealing stuff is about the stuff, not the stealing.
I'm sorry, but your opinion means very little to me.
You don't get to tell anyone what's sad. You're like a one-man Mount Sadmore. So I guess like a Lincoln Sadmorial.
This pickle doesn't care about your children. I'm not gonna take their dreams. I'm gonna take their parents.
I programmed you to believe that.
Have fun with empowerment. It seems to make everyone that gets it really happy.
Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole. I always could count on you.
Weddings are basically funerals with a cake.
I mean, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad, Morty."
It's your choice to take this personally.
Excuse me, coming through. What are you here for? Just kidding, I don't care.
If I let you make me nervous, then we can't get schwifty.
Oh, boy, so you actually learned something today? What is this, Full House?"
I can't abide bureaucracy. I don't like being told where to go and what to do. I consider it a violation. Did you get those seeds all the way up your butt?
I think you have to think ahead and live in the moment.
I know that new situations can be intimidating. You're lookin' around and it's all scary and different, but you know, meeting them head-on, charging into ‘em like a bull—that's how we grow as people.